---
layout: post
title: AI Study 4th
subtitle: GDG송도 AI예술작품스터디 4주차
categories: study
tags: [AI]
---

<h3>GDG송도 AI예술작품스터디 4주차</h3>
<br>
lasco.ai prompt 테스트 내용 정리
<br>
1 jewel owl
<br>
!Batjimin.github.io/_posts/lasco/owl.png
<br>
In a forest filled with countless trees and a sky lit with dim stars, a single owl perches atop a branch. Its body is filled with white diamonds, and its black eyebrows resemble black topaz. The owl's eyes are made of bright yellow topaz, and they shine even on the darkest nights, impossible to be concealed by the darkness.
<br>
!Batjimin.github.io/_posts/lasco/owl2.png
<br>
→ impossible to be concealed by the darkness, bright 제거 
In a forest filled with countless trees and a sky lit with dim stars, a single owl perches atop a branch. Its body is filled with white diamonds, and its black eyebrows resemble black topaz. The owl's eyes are made of yellow topaz, and they shine on the darkest nights.
<br>
2 Maya calender
<br>
!Batjimin.github.io/_posts/lasco/maya.png
<br>
Atop the ruins lies a stone slab in the shape of the Mayan calendar. A large circular stone hangs above a red wooden pillar, softly glowing in a red hue. The text is now blurred and illegible.
<br>
!Batjimin.github.io/_posts/lasco/maya2.png
<br>
→  large, softly 형용사 제거
Atop the ruins, there lies a stone slab in the shape of the Mayan calender. A circular stone above a red wooden pillar, glowing in a red hue. The text is blurred and illegible. 




{% comment %}
Might you have an include in your theme? Why not try it here!
{% include my-themes-great-include.html %}
{% endcomment %}
